we're back in headleys raised in
mission 9 we will collect four
dog tag and the legendary weapon
basket is ole after the cooperation
pistol has also entered
same homepage shortly thereafter resembled the
clinic since ten men high mountain ripped
and there we find the dog tag
from mark gray
in the basement of the winding bay fleet garage
workshop however we find one
another dog tag
he put it nicely hidden
Once champions after the boss enemy with
the stubborn alien you find yourself
from this gate again and in the building
then grab the dog tag
from direct from the workbench
baghdad apa I wish millionaire here
the work bench with the brand and change
Building site
Here we find the last
dog tag of mission 9
once pays conscience in ta
subject belonged to all other missionary
you can find videos in the channel or if
open the description